
What are the applications in scope for the Swift CSP Scope program?

What is the link to the CCMS application in eGEA with its information?

What is the link to the CCMS system in eGEA?

Are there links in the description of the Cornèrcard Gift Private Site application?

What is the purpose of the eGEA application and what is its description?

How many applications do we have in eGEA?

How many processes do we have in eGEA?

How many servers are there in eGEA?

Where can I find the default diagram of the CCMS application with the link on eGEA?

Where can I find the diagram of process xx?

How many servers do we have in tier 1?

What processes does the CCMS application support?

What are the critical processes?

What are the applications that support critical processes?

Who is the application owner of the CCMS application?

Who is the business owner of the CCMS application?

Who is the solution architect of the CCMS system?

Who should be contacted by email in case of incidents for the CCMS application?

Who should be contacted by SMS in case of incidents for the CCMS application?

Which applications is the user (person) ERCO the application owner of?

Which Cornèr Group companies does the CCMS application support?

Which Cornèr Group departments are supported by the CCMS application?

Which applications process the full PAN?

Which applications process personal data and are therefore in scope for privacy?

Which applications process customer personal data (CID)?

What is the status of the CCMS application?

What is the purpose of the CCMS application? What is its description?

What is the category of the CCMS application?

What is the eGEA code of the CCMS application?

What is the absolute ID of the CCMS application?

Which applications are in scope for BCM / DRP?

How is the CCMS application functionally evaluated (functional support)?

How is the CCMS application technically evaluated (technical efficiency)?

What is the application type of the CCMS application?

What is the hosting model (cloud computing) of the CCMS application?

On which site is the CCMS application installed?

In which country (hosting site location) is the CCMS application installed?

Is CCMS a service?

What is the ITMS Status of CCMS?

With which applications does CCMS interact on production systems?

Which applications have a middleware role?

Is the CCMS service/application critical?

What are the critical applications registered in eGEA?

What is the service supply modality (the type of service) of the CCMS application?

What is the service level agreement (SLA) of the CCMS application?

Which suppliers / vendors manage the CCMS application?

In which portfolio is the CCMS application contained?

Which applications are contained in the Bank Main Service portfolio?

What are the application portfolios registered in eGEA?

What is the RPA of the Authentic application?

What is the RTA of the Authentic application?

What is the RPO of the Authentic application?

What is the RTO of the Authentic application?

Within the scope of BCM/DRP, which applications does Authentic need to perform its role? Which BCM/DRP dependencies have been reported?

Which applications are in scope for Privacy?

Which applications are in scope for CID?

What are the personal data subjects processed by the CCMS application?

What are the personal data categories processed by the CCMS application?

Which applications process personal data massively (large personal data processing)?

Is CCMS an application in scope for PCI?

Which applications are in scope for PCI but not in the CDE (tier 2)?

Which applications are in scope for PCI (tier 1)?

Which applications are out of scope for PCI?

Does the CCMS application have any technical debt still to be resolved?

What are the projects that have involved the CCMS application in the past?

What are the technologies used by the CCMS application?

Who is the vendor of the Microsoft SQL Server technology?

Is the Microsoft SQL Server technology approved?

What are the external links registered for the CCMS application?

What are the servers used by the CCMS application?

What are the production servers used by the CCMS application?

What is the system environment, what is the environment of the server sntbd511.prod.corner.ch?

What is the PCI Tier of the server sntbd511.prod.corner.ch?

How many servers are in Tier 1?

How many servers are in Tier 2?

How many servers are in Tier 3?

What is the description of process xxx?

How many production systems are in eGEA?

Who is the Solution Architect of the CCMS system?

In which production systems has the CCMS application been included?

What are the applications contained in the CCMS system?

How many production RPAs are there?

How many applications are included in the Shared RPA portfolio?

What are the Sharepoint applications?

What are the portfolios registered in eGEA?

What are the projects in progress?

How many systems (application system) are registered in eGEA?

How many production systems (application system) are registered in eGEA?

How many production applications (application) are registered in eGEA?

How many processes are registered in eGEA?

How many servers are registered in eGEA?

Which on-premise production applications do not have registered servers?

Which PaaS-type (cloud computing / hosting model) production applications do not have registered servers?

Which production applications are without an application owner?

Which production applications are without a business owner?

Which production applications are without registered technologies?

How many production applications are without registered processes? (perhaps there is a serious bug here)

How many business application-type and critical production applications are without registered processes?

How many applications are retired?

What are the retired applications?

Which production systems contain retired applications?

Which applications are in Retirement status?

Which applications are in Preparation status?

How many production applications are in SaaS (cloud computing / hosting model)?

How many production applications are in PaaS (cloud computing / hosting model)?

How many production applications are in Hybrid mode (cloud computing / hosting model) installed with different types?

Which production applications are installed as PaaS on Cornèr's Google GCP tenant?

Which production applications are installed as PaaS on Cornèr's Google Azure tenant?

What are the prohibited technologies?

What are the accepted technologies?

How many technologies are approved?

Which production applications have a technical efficiency value of Poor?

Which production applications have a functional support value of Poor?